Add first variant of the performance benchmark overview (#42)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: reference/perf-benchmarks.md

> This page collects performance benchmarks collected from various virtual and bare metal hardware in order to provide an overview of what can be achieved with Anbox Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following benchmarks give an overview of the performance that you can achieve with Anbox Cloud. The numbers were collected on various virtual and bare metal hardware.
```

> ## Bare Metal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bare metal
```

> | Instance Type                       | Anbox Cloud version | Rendering / encoding | Resolution | Application         | # containers | avg FPS |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Instance type                       | Anbox Cloud version | Rendering / encoding | Resolution | Application         | # Containers | Avg. FPS |
```

|-------------------------------------|---------------------|----------------------|------------|---------------------|--------------|---------|
| Ampere Altra + 1x Nvidia Tesla T4   | 1.11.2 (appliance)  | hardware / hardware  | 720p       | BombSquad Stress    | 30           | 29      |
| Ampere Altra + 2x Nvidia Tesla T4   | 1.11.2 (appliance)  | hardware / hardware  | 720p       | BombSquad Stress    | 55           | 29      |
| Ampere Altra + 1x Nvidia Tesla T4   | 1.11.2 (appliance)  | hardware / hardware  | 1080p      | BombSquad Stress    | 20           | 28      |
| Ampere Altra + 2x Nvidia Tesla T4   | 1.11.2 (appliance)  | hardware / hardware  | 1080p      | BombSquad Stress    | 50           | 26      |

## AWS

> | Instance Type | Anbox Cloud version | Rendering / encoding | Resolution | Application         | # containers | avg FPS |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Instance type | Anbox Cloud version | Rendering / encoding | Resolution | Application         | # Containers | Avg. FPS |
```
